https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuI5rAoxhMk
MVPDays - From Basic to Baller: Customizing Your PowerShell Prompt - Thomas Rayner - YouTube
https://letsencrypt.org/docs/client-options/
ACME Client Implementations - Let's Encrypt - Free SSL/TLS Certificates
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#inbox/1629251680f1d41c
View your after visit summary on ARC MyChart - herbmartin@gmail.com - Gmail
https://forums.iis.net/p/1238350/2140297.aspx?Re+Reverse+Proxy+to+SQL+Server
Reverse Proxy to SQL Server : The Official Microsoft IIS Forums
https://www.google.com/search?q=sql+server+forum+reverse+proxy&num=100&client=firefox-b-1-ab&source=lnt&tbs=cdr%3A1%2Ccd_min%3A1%2F1%2F2016%2Ccd_max%3A&tbm=
sql server forum reverse proxy - Google Search
https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/1849610-set-up-new-iis-reverse-proxy-with-kerberos-authentication
Set up new IIS reverse proxy with Kerberos authentication - Windows Server - Spiceworks
https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/1985560-reverse-proxy-iis
Reverse Proxy IIS - Web Hosting - Spiceworks
https://gitter.im/notepad-plus-plus/notepad-plus-plus
➍ notepad-plus-plus/notepad-plus-plus - Gitter
https://social.technet.microsoft.com/Forums/scriptcenter/en-US/8bedf252-ae59-4b0d-8f8b-17acb6a93680/use-powershell-check-the-local-time-on-a-group-of-servers-with-datetimenow?forum=ITCG
Use PowerShell check the local time on a group of servers with [Datetime]::Now
https://superuser.com/questions/502374/equivalent-of-linux-touch-to-create-an-empty-file-with-powershell
windows - Equivalent of Linux `touch` to create an empty file with PowerShell? - Super User
https://www.google.com/search?q=gnu+diff+windows&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&client=firefox-b-1-ab
gnu diff windows - Google Search
https://kc.mcafee.com/corporate/index?page=content&id=KB88205
How to improve performance with Endpoint Security 10.x
https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/115000769927
Message threads – Slack Help Center
https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/115000769927
Message threads – Slack Help Center
https://dzone.com/articles/git-commands-tutorial-part-1?edition=371217&utm_source=Daily%20Digest&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Daily%20Digest%202018-04-05
Git Commands Tutorial - Part 1 - DZone Web Dev
https://digitalkey.myatos.net/
Atos Trustcenter
https://kc.mcafee.com/corporate/index?page=content&id=KB74951&pmv=print
How to troubleshoot high memory usage on systems with VirusScan Enterprise 8.8.x
https://www.easeus.com/partition-manager/epm-unlimited.html
Essential Partition manager server software for companies - EaseUS Partition Master Unlimited
https://www.computerweekly.com/news/252438171/Ransomware-puts-pressure-on-incident-response?asrc=EM_EDA_93131071&utm_medium=EM&utm_source=EDA&utm_campaign=20180405_Microsoft%20outlines%20intellectual%20property%20approach
Ransomware puts pressure on incident response
https://www.petri.com/useful-powershell-script-document-active-directory-environment
A Useful PowerShell Script to Document Your Active Directory Environment
https://www.packtpub.com/packt/offers/free-learning
Free Learning - Free Programming eBooks | PACKT Books
https://wac.das.myatos.net/otp_sms/authenticate?smsOp=sendSMS&r=1&DXATargetUrlOrg=https%3A%2F%2Fwac.das.myatos.net%2Fsso_myatos%2FSingleSignOnService%3FSigAlg%3Dhttp%253A%252F%252Fwww.w3.org%252F2000%252F09%252Fxmldsig%2523rsa-sha1%26SAMLRequest%3DfZLLboMwEEV%252FBTlrsGPIAwsioUSVIvVN1UrdVA4YYgns1GNK8vc1Sapkky5nfGbm3isnWWe36lV8dwKslwEIY6VWS62ga4XJhfmRhVirUuxTRJC3cphUfGBStLV2BwzjnhdBySFoD9xqCJSwGEB%252FnUqcS1U3Ipe1elLnfchbr1KU03AaxlRQfx5NCz%252Bacu7HZTjxKxKTDZ3NSUU2DgXonAKwXNkUUTKe%252ByTyyeyNTFgYMUqCyZx%252BIu9dGDjKooETum8bBUwBTVFnFNMcpCt5K4DZguXZwz1zHON%252Fjs8T%252F9M7o60udHNZH51SGELo%252B6APA21qTAkZYxJhBwlVjC50eIMmmMQDXYKsR2iRONnsaNssBvCSa4KvnpJHJ3C9etaNLA5e1jS6XxrBrUhRxRtwKd9p03J729M4GB87svSrI8o%252BpCp1DyvdcqleOt7ISopyOITwIsHXv2XxCw%253D%253D%26RelayState%3Douccuwucmucrh%26Signature%3DsWdzKBS2E%252FIHKHbCQUg6615m1sU0C5VmHCdApZKkdsLXERtjavYaf22GLaFFg3Elwh%252BhWrziSr3dyY93StDnBEUnxmExeNiG4wGwWSUYc0p7cCW3r2odyYxM%252F2rxocdDmF8LMwBFZh7rK%252BysxvQJ%252BrdXNC5BcULTI%252FYeOxpKj5PehLOKPz%252F233PSpAip7B5Oq1HQl0moyt4dIqL7z6Eke51RSNnGIyNus3C68H58fj0t%252FNNQo2xhFo2g%252BugPhbg1BY9XH64%252FXBXP6zB%252B513DGuUmhb6Dhwr5Kx1kNLvhbIO4bqm%252FEtWojEN8T7CwU2SSQ4uZkG%252BXFNFwUnq7odwa%252Bw%253D%253D&DXASubsequentAuthentication=false&DXA-force-authn=false
Atos SSO
https://www.fosshub.com/VirtualBox.html
Download VirtualBox
https://mridgers.github.io/clink/
Clink
https://github.com/cmderdev/cmder
cmderdev/cmder: Lovely console emulator package for Windows
https://github.com/cbucher/console/wiki/Downloads
Downloads · cbucher/console Wiki
https://www.slant.co/topics/1552/viewpoints/7/~terminal-emulators-for-windows~consolez
ConsoleZ - What are the best terminal emulators for Windows? - Slant
http://ridicurious.com/2018/04/06/powershell-scripting-guide-to-python-2/
PowerShell Scripting guide to Python | Part-2 | RidiCurious.com
